Add help.txt linting step (#853)
piskvorky/smart_open: README.rst

    pytest smart_open

> The tests are also run automatically with `Travis CI <https://travis-ci.org/piskvorky/smart_open>`_ on every commit push & pull request.

Author: ```suggestion
The tests are also run automatically with `GitHub Actions <https://github.com/piskvorky/smart_open/actions/workflows/python-package.yml>`_ on every commit push & pull request.
```
